Add contributor metadata info (#5994)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/contributor-guide/templates/basic_template.md

`functional_areas:`  |  Optional. Adds facets for search results. Available facets include: Sales, Products, Carts, Customers, Marketing, Account, Content, Reports, Stores, System, Catalog, Orders, Frontend, Theme, Staging, Search, Configurations, Integration, Services, Tools, Setup, Testing, test, Standards, Install, Upgrade, B2B, Cloud, and Bundled extensions. These facets are case sensitive and support multiple facets separated by commas. For example: `functional_areas: Install`.
`redirect_from`  | Optional. Add a list of other pages in DevDocs that should redirect to this page. The link should start with the `/guides` directory. For an example, see the source code for this template page.
`ee_only:` | Optional. If set to `true`, graphics/cues display on the page indicating it applies to {{site.data.var.ee}}.
`contributor_name`  | Optional. Add a contributor's name to the metadata to add a "Thanks for contributing to this topic!" notation in the top right corner of a page.

> `contributor_link:` | Optional. Add a link to the contributor's GitHub profile, website, or other relevant site. The thanks notation will include this link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`contributor_link:` | Optional. Add a link to the contributor's GitHub profile or company website. The thanks notation will include this link.
```

Author: Yes, great feedback. Fixed.
